Add macros for generating the device entry-point and declarations (#400)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/dev/custom_devices.rst

In addition to implementing the ``QuantumDevice`` class, one must implement an entry point for the
device library with the name ``<DeviceIdentifier>Factory``, where ``DeviceIdentifier`` is used to
uniquely identify the entry point symbol.

> You can use the `GENERATE_DEVICE_ENTRYPOINT(DEVICE_NAME, NAMESPACE)` template macro to define this entry
> point where `DEVICE_NAME` is the name of the device identifier and `NAMESPACE` is the device class namespace
> in the C++ format. As an example, we use the identifier ``CustomDevice``:

Reviewer: Not sure, hopefully this would be clear to an external implementer 🤔 
```suggestion
For simplicity, you can use the ``GENERATE_DEVICE_ENTRYPOINT(DEVICE_NAME, NAMESPACE)`` macro to
define this function, where ``DEVICE_NAME`` is the name of the C++ device class, and ``NAMESPACE``
is the C++ namespace of the class. Note that in this case the ``<DeviceIdentifier>`` symbol has to
match the device class name, as ``DEVICE_NAME`` will be used to refer to both in the macro.
As an example, we use the identifier ``CustomDevice`` for the class defined above:
```
